feat: add symbolic icon support (#169)
electron-userland/electron-installer-redhat: README.md

    '48x48': 'resources/Icon48.png',
    '64x64': 'resources/Icon64.png',
    '128x128': 'resources/Icon128.png',
    '256x256': 'resources/Icon256.png',
    'scalable': 'resources/Icon.svg',
    'symbolic': 'resources/Icon-symbolic.svg',
  }
}
```

> Note that the image files must be one of the types: PNG or SVG. The support for SVG works only on `scalable` or `symbolic` resolutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per the [icon theme specification](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/icon-theme-spec/icon-theme-spec-0.11.html), image files must either PNGs or SVGs. The SVG format can only be used for the `scalable` or `symbolic` resolutions.
```
